Glossary: distinguish terms related to 'index' (#3829)
torchgeo/torchgeo: docs/user/glossary.rst

   coordinate reference system (CRS)
       Synonym for :term:`spatial reference system (SRS)`. A system that defines how to locate geographic entities on a :term:`projected <projection>` surface.

   index

>        The lookup table of a geospatial dataset (``GeoDataset.index``): a mapping from each file's spatiotemporal footprint to its path, used to find which files a :term:`query` overlaps. It is bookkeeping and sampling space, not pixel data. Unrelated to a :term:`spectral index`; and note that the ``index`` argument of ``__getitem__`` is, despite its name, a :term:`query`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
       The lookup table of a geospatial dataset (``GeoDataset.index``): a mapping from each file's spatiotemporal footprint to its path, used to find which files a :term:`query` overlaps. It is metadata, not pixel data. Unrelated to a :term:`spectral index`; and note that the ``index`` argument of ``__getitem__`` is, despite its name, a :term:`query`.
```

   projection
       A geometric transformation for portraying the surface of a 3D Earth onto a 2D planar image.

   query

>        The spatiotemporal bounding box passed to a geospatial dataset's ``__getitem__`` (a ``GeoSlice``), describing *what to sample*. Distinct from the dataset's :term:`index`, which is *how* files are found. When a query is read in a file's native :term:`coordinate reference system (CRS)`, its box may align to a different grid than the index.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
       The spatiotemporal bounding box passed to a geospatial dataset's ``__getitem__`` (a ``GeoSlice``), describing *where and when to sample*. Distinct from the dataset's :term:`index`, which is *how* files are found. When a query is read in a file's native :term:`coordinate reference system (CRS)`, its box may align to a different grid than the index.
```

Author: I like this
